Yao Fei
Did you forget anything?
What do you mean?
Empress Yao Fei
Have you forgotten the law of this dynasty?
The law
If the first king of the law of this dynasty dies
If there is nothing wrong with the Queen, she must be buried with the Queen.
Buried
Thank you for helping to destroy the Queen and the Emperor.
I have a mind
It's all you, isn't it?
When you borrow the palace
Lose everyone who gets in your way, right?
The palace needs to be fooled by you.
The bow is stupid.
It's dumber than that rice fertilizer.
Duke Su
May the king and queen enter the palace.
It's the Queen Mother.
The king's son was the only son of the king.
He will eventually be emperor.
And me...
Not just the Queen.
He shot the Queen herself.
Why?
You're harming people's lives.
Robbery, robbery, murder
Without destroying this chaotic harem of yours
After this, the German harem was peaceful.
You idiot.
Then the royal court is in the hands of this whore everyone compared to me.
Not confident
Just whose house holds the fate of the country
dominate the country's rain and wind
There will be no more cheating in this harem.
In this country
There will be no more looting.
After the Sui dynasty
It will definitely last forever.
The Queen Mother is related to politics.
The slave met the Queen Regent.
Wife.
Zou'i, your enemy.
We finally have to report.